it's time for another one-handed watch
review my son threw my watch into a pile
of toys somewhere I couldn't find it
couldn't live without a wash
so I went on eBay and bought what I
thought was like a non cheap you watch
maybe around like 50 60 bucks which is
what I thought this was said it was a
fossil relic it's actually a relic I've
never heard of it you probably haven't
either got your very fast
from New York to Vancouver in about two
days which is pretty nice to watch
advertisements that it was you know
sleek and stylish is gunmetal finish so
kind of like dark as you can see the
middle is a little bit dark there and it
looks nice too it also said it was sleek
so I mean take it out to bask in its
excellence until you turn this thing
over and you see just how horrifying
this is now this is a telltale sign of
crappy watchman basically anything
cheap off of ebay will be large and
clunky like this and you can see when I
found my old watch which is very similar
to this I was happy I found it because
I'm not wearing this I'm returning it
but look at the size difference
here you can see what kind of insane
megalith this watch really is doesn't
look bad face on but from the side you
look like just uh yeah I mean it's
terrifying so I'm returning it and you
should just never buy crappy watches
from eBay
that's about all I have to say stick to
watches that you can see first and spend
about 150 at least and you probably
won't get a piece of crap like this
watch the bad thing about these watches
they're so big they're so poor in
quality you can really hear them ticking
from like you know maybe about a foot or
so away just really crappy quality all
together heavy it feels kind of cheap
I'll actually post the link to the ad in
the description below so enjoy and they
wear clear